Update the streaming list blog to reflect disablement in 1.33 (#50591)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-12-17-api-streaming/index.md

The results were alarming, only 16 informers were needed to cause the test server to run out of memory and crash, demonstrating how quickly memory consumption can grow under such conditions.

Special shout out to [@deads2k](https://github.com/deads2k) for his help in shaping this feature.

> ## 1.33 Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Kubernetes 1.33 update

```

> Since this feature was started, [Marek Siarkowicz](https://github.com/serathius) integrated a new technology into the kube-apiserver called `StreamingCollectionEncodingToJSON` and `StreamingCollectionEncodingToProtobuf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this feature was started, [Marek Siarkowicz](https://github.com/serathius) integrated a new technology into the
Kubernetes API server: _streaming collection encoding_.
Kubernetes v1.33 introduced two related feature gates, `StreamingCollectionEncodingToJSON` and `StreamingCollectionEncodingToProtobuf`.
```
